Add ingest.sh script. (#164)
developmentseed/eoapi-k8s: docs/manage-data.md

# Data management

eoAPI-k8s provides a basic data ingestion process that consist of manual operations on the components of the stack.

# Load data

## Preshipped bash script

> Execute `make ingest` to load data into the eoAPI service.

Reviewer: I think this should explicitly call out that the `make ingest` target _expects_ two files at the root of the repo. (To save having to dive into a bash script/errors to find that out

Author: Yes, indeed, thanks for raising this. I adjusted the docs.

## Manual steps

In order to add raster data to eoAPI you can load STAC collections and items into the PostgreSQL database using pgSTAC and the tool `pypgstac`.

### Prerequisites

- Ensure your Kubernetes cluster is running and `kubectl` is configured to access and modify it.
- You have STAC records for the collection and items you wish to load (e.g., `collection.json` and `items.json`).

### Import data

On the pod or server running the raster eoAPI service, you can use the following commands to load the data:

```bash
#!/bin/bash
apt update -y && apt install python3 python3-pip -y && pip install pypgstac[psycopg]';
pypgstac pgready --dsn $PGADMIN_URI

> pypgstac load collections /tmp/collection.json --dsn $PGADMIN_URI --method insert_ignore

Reviewer: Similarly, given this needs data mounted on `/tmp` we probably want to hand hold people into how to do that.

Author: Yes, indeed, thanks for raising this. I adjusted the docs.

# Data management

> For now, data management in eoAPI is rudimentary and mostly a manual process on the components of the stack.
> However, we aim to improve stepwise and provide more automation in the future. This documentation will be updated as we make progress.

Reviewer 2: I would perhaps only describe the current situation, not possible future ones:

```suggestion
eoAPI-k8s provides a basic data ingestion process that consist of manual operations on the components of the stack.
```
